# excel-challenge-moduel-1																																																																																																														Over the course of a decade, there has been a dramatic rise in online platforms for crowdfunding. These sites - such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo - have experienced tremendous growth during this timeframe. These platforms have recently gained widespread attention from both independent creators as well as highly acclaimed celebrities due to their ability to launch new merchandise while piquing public interest. It is worth mentioning that despite the potential benefits of these websites, not every endeavor emerges victorious. To procure financial backing, objectives ought to fulfill or exceed an antecedent target for collecting funds. Thusly, numerous entities dedicate substantial assets towards scrutinizing previous undertakings in order to appraise the elements that facilitate a fruitful project supported by crowdfunding. As part of our current analytical endeavor this week, we will be methodically arranging and examining a repository consisting of 1K exemplar projects with the objective of exposing any cloaked tendencies or sequences. By conducting an all-encompassing examination, it is our aspiration to obtain valuable discernments pertaining to the fundamental elements of triumph in crowdfunding drives. With this knowledge at hand, we aim to improve and enlighten forthcoming ventures on these online fundraising platforms through informed decisions.
